If you don't know this, you'll be left
behind. In 2025, digital marketing isn't
just changing, it's becoming completely
rewritten. These are the six biggest
trends reshaping how people buy, click,
and engage, and trust brands online. If
you're not adapting to these changes,
your traffic, your conversions, and ROI
will disappear fast. So, let's get into
it. Most marketers obsess over clicks
and traffic, but in 2025, this is what
you should care about. I want you to go
to Google Trends and type in your brand
name. It reveals if your brand is
growing faster or slower. The reason
this is important is because in today's
world, the average person needs 11.1
touch points before they buy, up from
just 8.5 a few years ago. So, you want
to make sure that people are searching
for your brand and your brand is
recognized. The way you know if your
brand's recognized is by search queries.
The way you see this is you go to Google
Trends, you put in your brand name, it
shows you if more people are searching
over time or if they're not. Keep in
mind, 59% of Google searches are now no
click, meaning brand recognition is what
moves the needle, not just rankings. And
tracking brand queries is the best way
to measure performance marketing across
fragmented platforms and channels.
Google isn't the only search engine that
matters anymore. Platforms like
Instagram have 6.5 billion searches.
Amazon 3.5 billion daily searches. Even
the Apple App Store, 500 million daily
searches. They're now first experiences,
and marketers must adapt to these
platforms as well. Google still drives
$265 billion a year in ad revenue. So,
it's growing, just losing market share,
not importance. In 2025, brands must
optimize for all formats, images, video,
audio, and rank across all platforms,
not just Google. AI agents are one of
the biggest digital marketing
opportunities in 2025. Tools like
intercom and sales for agent force let
marketers automate tasks like live chat,
upsells, and support without hiring new
staff. AI agents don't just improve
customer satisfaction, they increase
revenue through smarter upsells and
retention flows. In 2025, AI agents are
how you scale. If you're still relying
on humans alone, you're falling behind.
If you want to succeed in digital
marketing in 2025, the US should not be
your only market. For example, you can
use tools like Hen to translate and
transcribe your video content into
multiple languages. Tools like Chad GBT
can translate and transcribe your
textbased content to other localized
countries and languages that you may be
targeting. And then you can use HF lang
within your source code to let Google
and browsers know which pages are for
which language and countries. So that
way you can rank across multiple
countries get more traffic, leads, and
sales. Although the US is a big driver
of revenue, international markets often
yield a higher ROI because of lower
competition. If you're only marketing in
one language or country in 2025, you're
missing out on 96% of the global
opportunity. This is the most underrated
traffic channel in 2025. Have you
noticed that when President Trump gives
a speech, a lot of time there's press in
the audience. And that press isn't just
people from television anymore. It's
people from podcasts. Why? Because
podcasting has an affluent audience.
Average income of
$75,000 or more a year. They're loyal
and they're growing, which makes that
audience ideal for long-term brand
building. These podcasts are blowing up.
From Joe Rogan to Caller Daddy, the list
is endless. Every day, I'm learning
about new podcasts that I've never heard
of that literally have millions of
listeners. But here's a crazy thing. Did
you know that there's under 5 million
active podcasts? But on the flip side,
there's over a billion blogs. Blogging
is super competitive. And here's a
kicker that most people don't realize.
Just look at this stat. More people
prefer listening to audio and listen to
audio each and every single day than
reading articles. This is why you should
create a podcast. People don't search
for products in 2025. They discover them
through this. Social commerce will hit
$6.2 trillion in 2030. And platforms
like Tik Tok, Instagram, and YouTube are
already driving over a trillion a year
in sales. Buyers now watch live streams
and influencer videos instead of going
to product pages. This changes how
selling works online. Yes, your website
is still important, but going live,
posting reels, and leveraging creators
isn't optional anymore. It's the new
front door of e-commerce. If you enjoyed
this video, check out what I learned in
digital marketing over the last 20